set up prelimnary backend connection
figure out aws writeup
event handlers??

1. Sign up for an Amazon AWS account at https://aws.amazon.com/

2. Click on the Services icon in the upper left corner, then click on Database, then RDS.

3. Click "Create Database."

4. Select the following options, from top to bottom:
	Easy create
	PostgreSQL
	Whichever tier suits your needs

5. Name the database "database."

6. Make the master username and master password anything you would like, but remember it for later.

7. Click "Create database" once all of the options have been filled out.

8. In the new screen that popped up, choose the name of the database that was just created.
   Wait for it to finish being created, which should be indicated in the status section in summary.

The database has been created. It should automatically start running.

8. Go to Modify, then Additional Configuration under Connectivity. Set Public Access to Publicly Accessible.
   Wait for it to finish modifying.

9. Click on VPC Security Groups, then inbound rules, then the corresponding security group ID, then "Edit inbound rules."

10. Add a rule with:
	Type: All traffic
	Source: Anywhere - IPv4 or Anywhere IPv6, depending on your IP address.

11. Navigate back to the database page.

12. Fill out the information in init/init_sql.js with the following information once it is created:

	const client = db({
		host: 'url',
		port: port,
		database: 'postgres',
		user: 'user',
		password: 'pass'
	})

	Replace url with the Endpoint url.
	Replace port with the Port.
	Replace user with the username created when signing up.
	Replace pass with the password created when signing up.
	Replace name with the database name created.

13. from terminal:
npm install pg
npm run init-db

14. PostgreSQL database has been set up.


TO LOAD SAMPLE DATA (***LOADING TEST DATA WILL ERASE ALL EXISTING DATA):
15. Update init/load_test_data.js with the following information:

	const client = db({
		host: 'url',
		port: port,
		database: 'postgres',
		user: 'user',
		password: 'pass'
	})

	Replace url with the Endpoint url.
	Replace port with the Port.
	Replace user with the username created when signing up.
	Replace pass with the password created when signing up.
	Replace name with the database name created.

16. In terminal:
npm run load-test-data

**to connect to AWS with command line
1. install postgresql 
2. psql -h database.colb6htozgeu.us-west-1.rds.amazonaws.com -U postgres -d postgres -W
3. when prompted password is testing!!